docs: add required API key headers for 1.5 (#8721)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Get-Started/get-started-quickstart.md

- [A running Langflow instance](/get-started-installation)
- [An OpenAI API key](https://platform.openai.com/api-keys)
- [A Langflow API key](/configuration-api-keys)

## Create a Langflow API key

A [Langflow API key](/configuration-api-keys) is a user-specific token you can use with Langflow.

To create a Langflow API key, do the following:

1. In Langflow, click your user icon, and then select **Settings**.
2. Click **Langflow API Keys**, and then click <Icon name="Plus" aria-hidden="true"/> **Add New**.
3. Name your key, and then click **Create API Key**.
4. Copy the API key and store it in a secure location.
5. Include your `LANGFLOW_API_KEY` in requests like this:
    ```text
    curl --request POST \
     --url 'http://LANGFLOW_SERVER_ADDRESS/api/v1/run/FLOW_ID' \
     --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
     --header 'x-api-key: LANGFLOW_API_KEY' \
     --data '{
       "output_type": "chat",
       "input_type": "chat",
       "input_value": "Hello"
     }'
    ```

>     Alternatively, the API pane's code snippets include a script to detect your local `LANGFLOW_API_KEY` variable.

Author: ```suggestion
    Alternatively, the API pane's code snippets include a script to detect the`LANGFLOW_API_KEY` environment variable set in your terminal.
	The script does not detect variables set in your `.env` file.
```
